(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.) Summer has come again this year.
Summer has come again this year.
A big wave is coming.
It's a big deal.
A big chest is coming.
Summer has come again this year.
A big wave is coming.
It's a big deal.
A big butt is coming.
Kachidoki Bridge, open!
Let's go!
It was a wonderful wedding.
Yeah.
Cheers!
Hey, we came all the way to Gin
za.
Let's go home after seeing the K
achidoki Bridge.
But the direction is the opposite.
What?
If you're going to complain...
I understand!
It's Ryo-chan.
Let's go.
Ryo-chan, we're here.
Get up.
I told you to go by yourself.
Kei-chan, stop!
What is it?
There's a man on the bridge.
What?
He's not a ghost, is he?
Where is he, Reiko-san?
I think he's on the bridge.
Are you sure you saw him?
No, I'm sure I saw him.
He looked like he was about to jump
off.
It was a wonderful wedding.
There was a tea party this morning.
I'm in a really good mood.
Is that so?
Thank you for your help.
It seems that there were no incidents or
accidents near the Kachidoki Bridge.
The Kachidoki Bridge?
But why was there a man on the
bridge?
Good morning.
Ryo-chan.
Senpai, you're in luck.
The chief was in a really good mood
this morning.
Lucky.
Good morning.
I drank a little too much.
You idiot!
What do you think you're doing?
Please don't yell at me.
My head hurts.
Come here.
I'll give you a lot.
I'm not a stray cat.
Hey, where are you in a good mood?
Let's get out of here.
I wonder what happened.
He was in such a good mood.
Idiot!
Illegal parking.
Good morning.
Oh, it's Sapporo Namba.
Yes.
I've been parking illegally near the K
achidoki Bridge since last night.
Kachidoki Bridge since last night?
Yes.
A neighbor saw a tall man in white
get off the bridge.
White clothes?
Could it be last night?
Hello.
Please introduce me to the owner of the
car.
The number is Sapporo.
It's not just a parking violation, is
it?
Is it an incident?
No, it's not decided that it's
a car from last night.
Yes.
Sapporo City, Toyohiya Ward.
Shiratori.
Shiratori, white bird, pure pure, Shiratori
Jun.
Thank you very much.
What happened to Shiratori Jun?
Yes.
Ouch, ouch, ouch.
Do you know him, Byou-chan?
Yes.
He's a friend from my junior high
school days.
But I guess it was only for a
short time.
He left his car near the Kach
idoki Bridge and disappeared somewhere.
Kachidoki Bridge?
Oh, I see.
He came to see the bridge.
The bridge?
What do you mean?
Is that so, Senpai?
Yeah.
That was when I was a cute middle
school student.
Yo, Tsukankichi!
Yes!
Big Spinning Midair Kick!
My eyes are spinning!
Kankichi!
Who told you to spin midair?
It's on the house!
Kankichi, you're amazing!
You're the best!
Jun, did you have fun?
Next time, I'll show you something more
flashy!
Kankichi!
Yes!
Wow, Jun!
You went all out!
Wow!
But it was so crowded that I couldn
't see it very well.
I heard you went on the bullet train.
Have you ever been on it, Kank
ichi?
I've only been on the Toh
oku line.
Would you like some tea?
Thank you!
Everyone, please enjoy your meal.
Wow, another cake!
I'm always sorry, Ma'am.
It's okay.
Please get along with Jun from now on.
Yes!
Well, take your time.
Even when I go to the gym, I
don't get bored when I look at
Kan-chan and the others.
You're the only one who's energetic,
Kankichi!
Jun!
Next time, I'll show you a bomb!
Instead, show me again during the test.
My eyesight is 2.
5, so I'm good at counting!
Anyway, that's an amazing book!
Did everyone read this book?
Pretty much.
I'll lend it to you anytime.
We don't like hot books like this.
Right, Kankichi?
It's enough for a textbook.
That's right.
I think this is interesting.
It's a Japanese...
It's called a Japanese Kado-
kyo.
I like this kind of thing.
Oh!
It's Kachidoki Bridge!
You're right!
Yeah, it's Kachidoki Bridge!
Do you know it?
Yeah, I know a little about bridges.
Shirahige, Kototoi, Azuma,
Komagata, Umaya, Kuramae,
Ryogoku, Kiyosu, E
itai, Tsukuda, Kachid
oki...
That's all!
It's a bridge over Sumida River.
Wow!
You made me remember it when I was
in elementary school.
My favorite thing is Kachidoki
Bridge.
It moves like this.
I want to see it.
What?
You've never seen it?
I want to see it, but it's
too far away.
It's close.
It's just over Ginza.
All the cars stop, and the bridge opens
slowly.
When you look at it from the bridge,
the road approaches like a wall.
It's really powerful.
It's amazing.
I want to see it with my own
eyes.
Let's go to Kachidoki
Bridge.
It's about 20 minutes by bicycle.
Yeah.
All right!
Let's go!
There he is.
He's on the side of justice.
We'll be there soon.
Look, over there.
That bridge opens.
It's perfect from here.
I always buy bread and watch it while
eating it.
Oh, the ship is coming.
All right.
It's opening.
It won't open.
It's strange.
It should always open at noon.
What's wrong?
What?
It won't open anymore?
It opened last night.
The bridge won't open anymore.
It's the age of land transport.
It's easier to carry things on water.
I didn't know that.
What?
The bridge won't open anymore?
Once the government decides, it won't open
again.
We're the ones who are always made
to cry by the flow of time.
They're always weak like us.
I'm disappointed that you came to see
me.
I was looking forward to seeing you, Jun.
Don't let your guard down, Jun.
Kondo.
Yes!
Shibayama.
Shiratori...
has a bloodstain.
Doctor!
What's wrong with Jun?
He's sleeping with a fever.
He was in shock when the bridge opened.
Let's go to his house.
What?
The weather?
I'm moving to Hokkaido.
I got to get along with everyone.
Even if we're far away, we're
friends.
Right?
Yeah.
That's right.
But...
the only regret I have...
is that I didn't get to see
the bridge open.
I wanted to see it with everyone.
Jun!
When are you going to Hokkaido?
The day after tomorrow.
That soon?
I see.
You're moving, Jun.
That's too bad.
I don't think I'll ever be
able to eat such a delicious cake again.
I'm going back to zero on my
blood sugar test!
Jun, you were really disappointed about the bridge
opening.
I wanted to show him the bridge opening.
That's right!
Let's show him the bridge opening!
What?
I said it's impossible.
We're going to open it.
That's right.
We're going to open the bridge and
show it to Jun.
What?
Kan-chan.
What are you doing here?
Come with me.
I'm going to show you the bridge
opening.
The bridge opening?
That's right!
Hurry up!
Wait, I'll go change.
This way!
Shh.
John, I'll be right back.
This is the best view.
Wait here, Jun.
Are we really going to open it?
Don't worry.
Leave it to us.
Let's go.
There are four towers on Kachid
oki Bridge.
The only one with stairs is that tower.
I'm sure that's the driver's
room.
I'll open the bridge, so you two
stop the car.
Got it.
Just as I thought, it's here.
The door is locked.
But it's no use.
I'm good at opening doors.
Stop!
I can't open this door either!
It's open.
It's light.
There are a lot of switches.
I guess I have to turn it on.
How do I turn it on?
Stop!
Please!
I can't open it!
Stop!
We did it!
It stopped!
What are you guys doing?
Why did you stop the car?
Taxi!
The police found us!
Close the door!
Open the door!
What are you doing?
We can't.
The car won't stop.
The police will find us.
The plan was too reckless.
Let's stop.
Idiot!
Jun is waiting for us!
Will it really open?
But how do we open the first floor?
Let's give up.
Open the door!
Get out of there!
What are you going to do, Kank
ichi?
I'll open the bridge!
This is our only chance!
I'm so excited!
Turn it on!
Don't touch it!
It's on!
Put all the switches in!
Stop the car!
Stop!
Please!
Open it!
There's a signal on the bridge.
Idiot!
That bridge was supposed to be closed.
Move!
We're going up the bridge!
Please move!
I'll open the bridge!
Stop!
This is our only chance!
I'll open the bridge!
Open it!
The bridge
...
Open the
door!
Open it more!
The bridge...
I knew it was real.
The window...
The bridge is back!
We did
it!
It's fully open!
We did it!
The bridge is open!
It's like we're celebrating!
The bridge is open again?
That's how you open a bridge.
It's a sin, but look at that
face!
It's amazing.
It's more than I imagined.
Did you see that?
Get ready.
I'm going to arrest you all.
We can't escape.
What do we do?
Come on!
What are you doing?
Hey!
Don't leave the bridge open!
I can't believe them!
Chief!
Help me!
Then they swam all the way to
Hamari, ran away, and came back.
They were watching the whole thing.
It's been a long time.
I'm sure they were happy.
Of course.
I can't forget how happy they were.
But what if they threw the car away
and climbed the bridge?
Maybe...
That's impossible.
He was weak, but his heart was strong.
I'm sorry.
The guy in the car...
Jun!
Kan-chan?
Why are you here?
You look like a cop.
Kan-chan, you're a policeman?
Don't laugh!
You're a criminal!
No, I just thought the repairman would
take me.
Oh, right.
Here.
A college professor?
You must be famous, Jun!
It's all thanks to Kan-chan.
I can't forget how moved she was
when she risked her life to lift
the bridge.
Now she's designing the bridge.
Then, what about the guy who climbed the
bridge?
There was something I wanted to find out.
The bridge is great!
Chief!
That's my friend, Professor Kogaku.
I heard everything, Ryotsu.
What?
You heard?
You're acting strange, Chief.
Yeah.
You said there was a cop who was
hanging with you when you climbed the bridge.
That's right!
Now that I think of it, I tried
my best to get him to move his
legs, but in the end, he fell into
the river.
Do you remember that cop's face?
Of course!
He had such serious eyes, thick eyebrows, a
long nose, and his mouth was like a
gill.
I almost forgot!
Ryo-chan.
Huh?
The chief's face.
What about the chief's face?
A long, gill-like nose, thin
eyes, and thick eyebrows.
What else?
I'm that cop!
I finally found the culprit behind that riot.
Please calm down, Chief!
Hey, wait, Ryotsu!
It's already too late!
All right!
Osmo's target is here!
The four of us will sit in the
front, and then we'll invite Reiko,
and take Nakagawa with us.
Who should we invite next?
Hey, Chief!
I'm just kidding!
I said I'd invite you, Chief!
Next time, on Tokoton Osmo!
See you then!
Subbed
by
Dreadopp and Zedopp.